[Communication] Update CHANGELOG (#13679)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/communication/communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced `CommunicationUser` with `CommunicationUserIdentifier`.
- Replaced `CommunicationUserCredential` with `CommunicationTokenCredential`.

> - Removed `priority` field (ChatMessage.Priority)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `priority` field (ChatMessage.Priority).
```

### Added

- Added support for `CreateChatThreadResult` and `AddChatParticipantsResult` to handle partial errors in batch calls.
- Added idempotency identifier parameter for chat creation calls.
- Added support for `listReadReceipts` and `listParticipants` pagination.

> - Added new model for messages anc ontent types : `Text`, `Html`, `ParticipantAdded`, `ParticipantRemoved`, `TopicUpdated`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new model for messages an content types : `Text`, `Html`, `ParticipantAdded`, `ParticipantRemoved`, `TopicUpdated`.
```
